Updates for server and mc releases on 2024-06-10 (#1243)
minio/docs: source/administration/object-management/object-lifecycle-management.rst

- :ref:`Microsoft Azure Blob Storage 
  <minio-lifecycle-management-transition-to-azure>`

MinIO object transition supports use cases like moving aged data from MinIO clusters in private or public cloud infrastructure to low-cost private or public cloud storage solutions.

> Directory objects, which are 0-byte objects with a name that ends in a ``/``, do **not** tier.

Reviewer: minor tweak if you like
```suggestion
Directory objects, which are 0-byte objects with a name ending in ``/``, do **not** tier.
```

Author: I'll take that suggestion.
